hi or elvis laumac
today match day I was left
a place we go the tasting guichard
see that hello it's okay it's going to be
what I was left with an invitation
yeah you'd have to envy to
ok so see there and I'm doing a trick
here I am thank
too bad good match for me see you soon
today it's times it's here for
invitations
noémie levitation good but you do not know
nor noah I hope the head that one
vermeulen is also waiting here
thank you
frankly I have twisted
hello hello we got a ticket is a
portrait of sir it's a ticket that
does not work if steam on the first name and
I should go get some
meters he still yes sir but
baala hoeing please jonathan
expects ya many systems thank you
hi girls and greet nice nice
so what's this shit actually you
systematically control for all who
dwellings that's it everyone
agrees everyone yes but
why because I already had
problems with that it saab already has it
there are people who have the same name but
not the same name
yes that's a problem and pita people
who pretend to be someone
else agree that it's already happened
yes really yes tell me I saw some
tact dudes while they were selling
tickets yeah tickets how's that
how's it going they've got it back
or not already it is obvious that's it yes
in the Hebrew article this thing was not
too much in fact it's a site that we have
found there are a lot of people who we
call
there are our places that are on sale at
exorbitant prices but it's not the
ours and more often when we like
the matches at home are not yet in
sale
it's online games is very borderline
revive internally and especially when we
makes a capital gain on the ticket we did not
not right because the pension grosso
modo we call you have reserved them
places surely a player not but as
it's not called we go on our site
internet our places are only wind
on our website
yes usually these two weeks before
the date of the match on Saturday at 8 pm
ok, it's you who decides it's you
the chef here announced no less the leader
here is caroline the chef caroline she
hides caroline or devoured screw it goes
because at work when I'm going to try to
make me place this meaning yes quite
so we have to stretch that's all
indicated for your ticket - up then you are
roughly the Big Ben is very well placed
I do not know that you will go to the left
yeah I know if I speak not that right
there is I give you a steward there is a
stadier down in training
and after a lawsuit that are wright
and mouse I take this Saturday
religions mistrust good thank you the TVs for
add that he said before the loot
word then what a platform that elvis
read michael vick it went we see it
a link with me I take you but you
do not know the stadium al balah at
fate
we do not have time to drink a beer
of which you have to go the gold volt and
as massages arrives
ellis towards the arrival in a row in a pile
hair look then I present you from
breast by tango on the ground sir
carrying go and stewards for 42 years
so this face of che faithful fidel
go there so I present you elvis floriane
enchanted forest with florine according to the
wills of the combes and and florine and my
youngest trainee she's just
18 years extreme facade to another area
extreme to another
just for you one is rising
after this long sail to +639 laurino
floriane will help find his place
go back to the origin for ancient art and
gave me six months
this obama justice scares it's good
there a good game well bah that's it I
believe that it has arrived safely port
there is no one in the stands I am
arrived a little too early I think I saw
that we could see shots there at
22 was going to receive a little beer
go to chip and dubai
I avoid an Englishman who came from
thaler there I made twenty six
marine as serious to moves me
so forget about his death sentence when
the mud says no but I can not
to guarantee sure of oneself it is not possible
you are on against the gentlemen
the measure
the head that the column I have not really
on me